docs/features/insight.md, before:

# AM Browser Insight

Insight is a new type of report, Admin user and Power user can save their own reports.

## Visible styles
There are two Visible styles:

- Public(default):You can only accept admin Graphs.
- Self:You can edit your Graphs(like add and delete).

## Display styles

![Viewer screen shot](img/insight-base.PNG)

There are two display styles:

- Enable Carouse: Automatically displays Graphs one by one every 10 seconds.

(If you feel 10 seconds too long ,you can jump to the next graph by clicking on the button below the graph.)

- Disable Carousel(default): Displays Graphs on one page as per designed layout.

>Carousel or not Carousel display the Graphs of the switch category.

## Category
![Viewer screen shot](img/tab.PNG)

Based on your business requirement, you can create different category as tabs.

To create a new category, enable the Edit mode and then click Add Tab.


In the Edit mode, you can also rename a category by double-clicking it.

In the Edit mode, you can also delete a category by clicking Close Tab.



## Flexible layout



In the Edit mode, you can create a flexible layout. Each block can be split by row or column. Then, you can attach a Graph.

- Split row
- Split column
- Attach a Graph
- Remove last element

 >Removing a function will remove its attached Graph or the last block. Block cannot remove itself.



## Attach Graphs

In the Edit mode, you can attach a Graph to any block that does not have a sub block in layout.

 Graphs are created in `Graph module` by AMB Admin.



## Single Graph view

Click each Graph title, get a single view to display this Graph with details.(You should click Expand Tab to show more Grath details.)

## Graph Item view
Click each Graph item,get a Record list view to display this item with details.If continue click each record,will get a view about more details.

## Example

If you want to count the cost of your company a year,you can create a Histogram by click Builder-->Graph.Then if you want to display it like this:
![Viewer screen shot](img/edit_view.PNG)
> 1.You should confirm the Graph is existing.

>2.Find a position you want to create.

>3.Click Add tab to create a flexible layout.

>4.Click Attach a Graph and select a Graph which you want to attach.

>5.You can click Row or Column to change the arrangement of the flexible layout.

>6.Click Save Tab will get a confirm view.You cotinue clik Confirm Button.It will save the Graph.

If you want to see the Graph detials,you should clik Expand Tab.

If you want to see the Graph item detials,you should click the item.

Commit message:

Update online help doc --Insight module (#10)

docs/features/insight.md, after:

# AM Browser Insight

Insight is a new type of report, Admin user and Power user can save their own reports.

## Visible styles
There are two Visible styles:

- Public(default):  
    All users, have accessing rights to Insight module, accept a published graphs report called **Overall** from user **Admin**. All changes user Admin made for **Overall** graph report will be synchronized for other users.
- Self:  
    Define your own graphs report. AM Browser allows you to attach or remove a graph from report, make a graph to be showed horizontally or vertically, bind two graphs in row and etc.

## Display styles

![Viewer screen shot](img/insight-base.PNG)

There are two modes to present report:

- Flat(default): Displays Graphs on a single page as per designed layout.

- Carouse: Automatically displays Graphs one by one every 10 seconds.

(If interval of 10 seconds are too long to you, click arrow button switching to next graph manually.)

>Carousel or not Carousel display the Graphs of the switch category.

## Category
![Viewer screen shot](img/tab.PNG)

Based on your business requirement, you can create different category as tabs.

To create a new category, enable Edit mode and then click **+** button to add a new tab.


To rename a category, in the Edit mode, double click the tab name to enter a new name.

To remove a category, in the Edit mode, click **X** button.



## Flexible layout



In the Edit mode, you can create a flexible layout. Each block can be split by row or column. You can attach a Graph in each separated sector.

- Split row
- Split column
- Attach a Graph
- Remove last element

 >Removing a function will remove its attached Graph or the last block. Block cannot remove itself.



## Attach Graphs

In the Edit mode, you can attach a Graph to any block that does not have a sub block in layout.

 Graphs are created in `Graph module` by AMB Admin.



## Single Graph view

To review a graph with more details, click enlarge button ![enlarge button](img/enlarge-btn.PNG) into expanding mode.
Within expanding mode, AM Browser shows you the graph with a table of records.

## Graph Item view
Click each Graph item,get a Record list view to display this item with details.If continue click each record,will get a view about more details.

## Example

Let's assume you want to have a view of annual cost of your company.
To have that, you need to go to builder to create a graph first, and then follow steps below to have a report like below:
![Viewer screen shot](img/edit_view.PNG)
> 1.Before attaching graph, please make sure the graph exists, and it is defined properly.

>2.Decide where you want to put graph at, Public or Self. An existing category or create a new one.

>3.Click Add tab to create a flexible layout.

>4.Hit **Attach a Graph** button and select a Graph you want to attach.

>5.Click **Row** or **Column** to change layout organization.

>6.Click **Save** and confirm the modifications.
